https://codepen.io/CameronHonis/pen/qBbBZRr?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that is useful in describing the crucial details of the page.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    As a markup language to display content to a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a property belonging to an HTML tag that doesn't appear on screen. It goes inside the first tag, after the tag name.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 (header) tag is used to visually seperate blocks of content in an ordered fashion. It takes precedent over all the other header tags

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor (a) tag, Image (img) tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    configuration and preloading data

    7. What is an id? 
    Used as a way to differential similar tags when formatting with CSS.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once.

    10. What is a class?
    Another way of grouping tags when formatting with CSS.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you wish.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    set the target attribute to "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to display text if the image fails to load. also to assist those using a site-viewer to view the site.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    use the "#", followed by the id name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections are considered semantic HTML and are larger containers, while divs are not semantic, and act as smaller containers usually inside the larger container

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling/formatting HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is used to group tags together, while an id is used to differential tags.
    Class Example, if you have 3 anchor tags parented to the same tag and you want to change the color of these.
    ID Example, if you have 3 anchor tags paretned to the same tag but you only want to change the color of the first anchor tag.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    dot notation - .ClassName{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a selector that takes the hierarchy of the tags into consideration. So if you want to only change the color of the p tag inside any tag with class of "A"- .A p{}

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a.sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    in CSS, change the line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    in CSS, change the letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    in CSS, change the text-transform to uppercase,lowercase,capitalize respectively

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    in CSS, change the border property to 1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Ctrl+A

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    use /* to open the comment and */ to close

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    use the "pwd" command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    use the "ls" command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    use the "rm" command, it wont ask you if youre sure or store a temporary copy in recycling bin

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    in case of an unexpected outage, so you wont lose your work

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    about every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    use the "git push" command

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. fork from original source, if you dont own the source
    2. copy the URL under the "Create clone" button
    3. use "git clone URL^" in terminal
    4. make changes to directory
    5. use "git add ." in terminal to stage the saving process
    6. use "git commit -m 'Message to self'" in terminal to override current version
    7. use "git push -u origin 'master-branch-name'" in terminal to push changes to the repository on github


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element will take up as much vertical space as needed and all the horizontal space.
    An inline element will take up as much vertical and horizontal space as needed.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    resizing the screen/surrounding elements will not change the position

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    set the display property to inline-block and set the width property to any spacial value

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block by default: paragraph tag, header tag, div tag
    inline by default: anchor tag, span tag
    block-inline by default: image tag

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 